Add docs/postgres-source.md (#5)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/postgres-source.md

Sequin is a great fit if LISTEN/NOTIFY's at-most-once delivery is not sufficient for your use case. It's an alternative to setting up Debezium/Kafka to consume Postgres changes.

You can use Sequin to treat the creates, updates, and deletes from any existing Postgres table as a stream of messages.

## Setup

From the CLI, connect any Postgres table to Sequin:

```bash
sequin source postgres add
```

### Connecting a database

If connecting your first Postgres database to Sequin, select "Connect new" from the prompt:

```bash
? Choose a database or connect a new one:  [Use arrows to move, type to filter]
> Connect new database
```

And fill out the form:

```bash
Database name:
> postgres

Hostname:
> localhost

Port:
> 5432

Username:
> postgres

Password:
> ********

Give your database a name:
> mydb

[ Submit ]
```

### Setting up a replication slot and publication

To capture changes from your database, Sequin needs a (1) replication slot and a (2) publication. You have two options to set this up:

> 1. **Automated setup**: The CLI will prompt you to create a replication slot and publication on your behalf.
> 2. **Manual setup**: If you prefer, you can create these manually.
> 
> In the automated setup, Sequin will capture all changes to all tables you select. Setting up manually gives you more control over the publication. You can select whether to include `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, and `TRUNCATE` events. You can also specify `WHERE` clauses to filter which rows are specified to Sequin.
> 
> The manual setup may be necessary if the Postgres user you've provided during the setup process doesn't have permission to create a replication slot or publication.
> 
> To create a replication slot and publication manually, run the following SQL commands:
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT * FROM pg_create_logical_replication_slot('sequin', 'pgoutput');
> -- Create a publication for a select list of tables
> CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR TABLE my_table, my_other_table;
> -- Or, create a publication for all tables in a schema
> CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA my_schema;
> -- Or, create a publication for all tables in the database
> CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR ALL TABLES;
> ```
> 
> Learn more about publication and the available options [in the Postgres docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/logical-replication-publication.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Automated setup**: The CLI will ask permission to create a replication slot and publication for you. Setting up automatically will configure the replication slot to capture _all_ changes to all the tables you selected.
2. **Manual setup**: If you prefer, you can create these manually. Setting up manually gives you more control over the publication. You can select whether to include `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, and `TRUNCATE` events. You can also specify `WHERE` clauses to filter which rows are specified to Sequin.

> [!NOTE]
> The manual setup may be necessary if the Postgres user you've provided during the setup process doesn't have permission to create a replication slot or publication.

To create a replication slot and publication manually, run the following SQL commands:

```sql
SELECT * FROM pg_create_logical_replication_slot('sequin', 'pgoutput');
-- Create a publication for a select list of tables
CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR TABLE my_table, my_other_table;
-- Or, create a publication for all tables in a schema
CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA my_schema;
-- Or, create a publication for all tables in the database
CREATE PUBLICATION sequin FOR ALL TABLES;
```

Learn more about publication and the available options [in the Postgres docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/logical-replication-publication.html).
```

Reviewer: I didn't love the bounce between automated, to manual, back to automated, back to manual. Tried to section it out.

If possible, I could see this betting to H4( ####) headings

### Select a format for keys

Sequin will capture changes to your tables and insert them into your stream as messages. The CLI will prompt you for which format you want to use for the keys:

1. `[<database>].[<schema>].[<table>].[<row-id>]`

> 2. `[<database>].[<schema>].[<table>].[<operation>].[<row-id>]`

Reviewer: Merge this in :)

Where:

> - `<database>` is the name of the database

Reviewer: Perhaps we should clarify that this is the name the user gave the database in sequin - not necessarily the database name as it exists in the postgres server
